when we are women that we leave from
Early we arrived home late
we need a lot of gas and what is
gasoline the food that's why today they
I'm going to reveal the trick that after
every food is breakfast and be the
lunch at two o'clock always I
I take and it keeps me very active and very
I'm talking about a shake
lemon base pineapple mint and
avocado these foods have
many properties the lemon has
vitamins and the avocado helps those
people who suffer from cholesterol the
Peppermint is an herb that is going to
flavored delicious this smoothie and for
finish the pineapple is a diuretic and has
lots of vitamin c
then pencil and paper so that what
we create this smoothie from our house
can always take care of us all day long
what woman does not like to eat you do not you
like to eat we all like to eat
like to chase me after breakfast
after lunch I do not go out
that today we have something delicious is a
beaten as well I told them beginning to
lemon pineapple avocado base peppermint
and also to accompany it with a cake
with a snack that is low in calories and
that does not give us much remorse in the
time to eat it or the juliana vélez
how are you hello how are you doing very well
happy to be here because talking
like healthy eating with everyone
is that it is something very important and is that
if we do not take care of ourselves young we're going to have
an old age but consuming all
medicines and for having certain
and that's how it is through feeding
take care of ourselves for health because only
when we are sick we say there is
We could have done it to see how to avoid
these things then feeding and
everything that comes from the earth more
healthy is precisely all that
will allow us to strengthen our
health the future
many women can say for the
avocado in a smoothie this knows
delicious also the avocado is something that
It has properties that help us
prevent cholesterol has vitamin s
not so is the avocado in a smoothie is
ideal because many times the shakes
they can also fill us up and then they
they can turn like a snack
healthy then for people who
maybe they find it very strange
avocado can be mixed with a fruit
that if they like it a lot and so as
that is not going to feel like so
strong in the smoothie okey here we have
all the ingredients of the avocado
pineapple mint and lemon the chop
we put them in the blender
we introduce to the blender with trunk
of ice and it is spectacular we are going to
talk about the cake I'm super sweet
anahí is my sin my god and I believe
that 90% of women but right now
there are foods that are low in calories
low in sugar that diabetics what
they can consume and it is that I have water
the mouth and not
well here we have a cake that also
I will give a feeling of one being
eating like a sweet but not the
chocolate sometimes that maybe ends
having a lot of sugar but the same
fruit is for example has apples and
has nuts then makes it like
a sweet little snack that goes very
well with a smoothie and that makes us
well in the body then women already
they know easy- to-get ingredients
what can we do when we're going to
market include them in our list
besides not necessarily do diets
endure hunger we have to be
healthy what is good for us?
thin but we will be that we are not
able to play with our children that
we are at work and we are tired not
you have to eat but eat in a way
healthy and here we can find it
Follow my tricks and you will see that they will go
super good and they will keep a lot
Energy
how